Hey, good morning family.
How are y'all doing?
It's evening here now, but I always say good morning because it's morning somewhere.
I always come here to this campus because of what the Lord has showed me is coming here.
And these praying hands when I drive by, they mean so much to me.
You know, the motto of the school is 'Make no little plans here.
' This is the ORU campus, by the way.
I was driving by tonight and the Holy Spirit was just stirring in me so strong about the revival that's about to take place at this campus.
You know, it's just what faith will build, what faith will do when you use your faith like a muscle.
It's important, y'all.
I drive by this because it inspires me to think big.
It inspires me because this is what Oral Roberts believed God for.
Every day I try to drive around here at least once and try to come over here and just inspire myself.
The towers over there where the hospital was—I know they've sold that recently, I believe—but just the center, because the Lord showed me there will be a major outpouring of the spirit of the Lord in that big coliseum once again.
The old wells of revival are coming uncapped.
He told me, and I come over and I look at the prayer tower.
Can you see the prayer tower over there?
The prayer tower right there—it's right over there.
That's where they pray.
And I just thought, you know, it's exciting because some of the greatest ministers of any generation—I mean, I believe from Kathryn Kuhlman to Benny Hinn to all the greats that have come through here and had healing services and deliverance services where, you know, their ministry may not be all that it was back then, but look at what God did at one point in time through this right here.
And what an amazing thing that he's doing and I know that he's going to do again.
I showed you Victory and it's just right there.
And I'm just excited because expectation brings manifestation.
And it has nothing to even do with me.
It's just something that I pray over because I know that God is going to visit the young generation, this young youth again with one last call, one last harvest, a major harvest of souls like we've never seen before and the glory of the Lord with fire.
I believe that there'll be signs and wonders in the last days like it did with Azusa Street when there was a pillar of fire that was shown over Azusa Street.
And I'm believing there'll be a pillar of fire over this Mabee Center and there'll be a pillar of fire over this ORU campus and that there will be a greater revival than even what happened at Asbury.
You know that revival, I don't know, I guess it kind of fizzled out, but my goodness, I know that we're on the cusp of something huge about to take place in this Tulsa metroplex area and that God is about to do something huge in these last days.
The Lord showed me Pastor Billy Joe Daugherty's son Paul Daugherty at that church right there, that there'll be an extension of the revival that's about to take place at ORU.
And this is a massive church there, Victory.
Well, Diana's with me now and it was so cold I had to get out of being outside.
I told her, I said, 'I can't make this video.
' I was trying to go and make the video at the campus and I was freezing.
The wind was blowing so hard and it was cold and I told Braden, I said, 'Are you cold?
' He goes, 'Yeah.
' I said, 'I'm cold, too.
Let's go.
' So, you know, we have such an urgency though as we make the rest of this video for you all.
The things the Lord has been putting on our hearts is he said, 'Brandon, people are not awake yet.
There's no sense of urgency.
Even in the upper leadership, they have a form of urgency, but deep down in their heart, there's not a stirring.
' And people go, 'Well, you're judging people.
' No, I'm not judging people.
I'm just saying what he says.
I have no idea what you feel, but I know what the Holy Spirit has told me, and I'm just going by what he said.
So, if you don't agree with it, take it up with him.
All I can say is what he's told me and what we pray about.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to bring a greater shaking to awaken beyond anybody's comprehension of what's about to happen, folks.
I'm telling you, a major shaking.
' And people go, 'Well, that sounds like fear.
' You know, Diana and I are talking about a lot of the people that we've come in contact with.
They say, 'Well, you're a fearmonger or whatever.
' They've said that before to us in the past and maybe, just maybe, your channel has grown so much because you preach a lot of fear because fear sells.
But folks, it's not fear.
It's an awakening unto God.
And if you're in fear, it's because you're not awake.
Your heart should be looking vertical with him.
And that shouldn't scare you whenever he said these things are going to happen because why?
We're dead to self.
We are looking for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And we have an urgency.
And he told me, he said, 'Brandon, there's no urgency.
There's no urgency in my body.
There's no urgency right now.
Do you really realize I'm on my way?
Do you really realize that this is the last call for the harvest of souls, the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before?
' As we sit on ORU campus with these hands, they mean something.
They mean prayer changes things.
They mean to me as I drive by it that somebody used their faith to get those hands there.
That probably cost a lot of money.
Behind us, that campus that you all seen, the Mabee Center, cost millions of dollars.
It was Oral Roberts' faith that brought that forth using his faith like a tool—not a weapon, but a tool—a tool that he continually used to build his campus, to build the university for God.
And he gave all the glory to God taking healing to the nations, raising up doctors, doing all the things that he did in his generation.
But the Lord said, 'Brandon, there's one more wave.
There's one more wave of revival.
Those old wells that had been capped,' the Lord said, 'I capped them.
' He said, 'I'm uncapping those wells.
' And as you saw that church, Victory, he said, 'Brandon, there, Victory and ORU will be an extension of each other in the days ahead, and you will see a major outpouring of the spirit of the Lord greater than even Asbury.
That was nothing compared to what's about to happen with that Mabee Center.
That's nothing compared to what we're about to see all throughout Tulsa with Victory Church.
That Victory Church across the street—I don't know how many seats that holds, probably a 10,000-seat auditorium.
That's a massive one.
And then they have the Mabee Center.
And I don't know how many seats that holds.
The Mabee Center is a little over 10,000 seats.
Okay.
So, you have 10,000 seats in the Mabee Center.
Thanks, babe.
Ten thousand seats in the Mabee Center.
We have 5,000 at Victory Church.
Okay.
So, 15,000 seat capacity between the two.
That's amazing.
And they could do simulcast, make it live, have an overflow, but it doesn't matter when the glory is there.
It's about a radical move of the spirit of God one last time.
'One last call,' he said.
And now I see it.
Do you remember I told you he was going to use the angels?
He told me, he said, 'Brandon, I'm sending my reserves, my angel army reserves.
I'm sending them.
' There's going to be two angels per person.
No matter how many demonic spirits there are on the earth, greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world.
I was listening to Sister Billie talk about old stories and John G.
Lake would go and he would put a beautiful white suit on with a white tie all fixed up every day because he saw himself as a carrier of the glory.
He saw himself as someone who carried God to the nations.
There were over 100,000 documented miracles that came through his ministry over the course of the whole time he was preaching.
But he got radically on fire going to Azusa Street.
There is a cross-pollination with the glory.
As you are on fire, you light somebody else on fire.
It's not going to be just about the churches, folks.
God told me specifically that he was going to do something huge on the OU campus, that there would be a major healing revival come forth with the young people there.
So that's why I go and I pray and I drive around it.
You go all down Lewis Avenue and I just circle around, just praying in the spirit, seeing the Lord show me something else.
I'm hungry.
I'm desperate.
I want change.
I am so tired of having church that's just normal.
I know it's like, what are we looking for?
What are we waiting for?
What is going to be the tipping point to what we're looking for?
And the Lord said, "There's no urgency in my churches, for the coming of my son is at hand.
" Many believe it's way far off in the distant future.
But I'm trying to tell you all, just like Paul Revere riding in the midnight hour telling you the British are coming, I'm writing in the midnight hour telling you that Jesus is coming as loud as I can.
I've been there.
I've seen it.
I know exactly what the Lord is saying in my heart.
He's shaking me to awaken me every day and have an expectation.
I wake up with an urgency every single day to tell you all about the Lord, to tell you all there's a storm coming.
I'm here to tell you all there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
I'm trying to wake you up to tell you all with urgency, to shake you until your teeth rattle, to tell you, "Listen to me, Jesus is coming.
" When I went through tribulation with him and he took me out of my body—I don't know if I was in my body or out of my body—I don't know what happened.
All I know is I was there, and Jesus told me what was coming before he came.
He told me there would be one major push that would not last that long.
There would be a major revival that does not last that long, a glorious church that will rise up like Tommy Hicks' vision that he had.
You can Google it—Tommy Hicks' vision—and see what I'm talking about, that the body would move like a mighty giant.
But the Lord said to me, "Brandon, it's not about charismatics.
It's not about the non-denominationalists.
I'm going to pour out my spirit upon all flesh.
" Do you understand?
It's going to be a denominational barrier buster.
Where it's been, "Well, the Baptists are over here and we don't really listen to them because of their doctrine," and "Well, we don't listen to the Catholics because of their doctrine," and we've got the Methodists and we don't really know what they believe, or what the Church of Christ believe, or whoever.
The Lord said, "I'm bringing these denominational walls down.
" He's going to break the walls down.
And he told me, "We will move as a body.
" Yeah, we all have different thinking, but whenever wartime happened, like in World War II, the men were out to war and the women helped in the factories and did all the things they could to help support the men.
Do you understand?
In war times, in the body of Christ, we're a body, we're a family.
It's not about religious barriers.
It's about taking down those walls and knowing that it's all for one and one for all, like the Three Musketeers.
We're going to do something big for Jesus.
It's about getting the lost saved.
We have differences of thinking, but we all have the same cause: to reach the lost for Jesus.
Let's join together and reach the lost for Jesus.
Regardless of what our beliefs are, you may believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit, you may not; you may believe in the gifts and signs and wonders, you may not—I don't know.
We do.
But does that make me better than you?
No, it just makes me hungry.
I'm hungry and thirsty.
We're seeking Him.
I know you're hungry and thirsty and seeking Him in your way.
But my goodness, folks, what could we do if we joined together?
The devil has divided us.
The devil has made us think, "Well, you're this and I'm that.
" No, I believe it's just like racial things—"Well, you're Black, I'm white; you're Mexican, I'm white; you're browner, I'm redder.
" Whatever.
We're all the same blood.
We have the same color of blood.
My organs would work in your body.
Skin shouldn't matter.
We're brothers and sisters.
It's time to put away our petty differences and rise up and be what God has called us to be: a body.
You may be the hand, but I might be the foot.
Either way, we work together and we make something beautiful happen.
Like the Bible says, even the parts that are not seen are sometimes the most vital.
It's just so important because I'm telling you all, I have such a hunger and anticipation.
And he told me, "Brandon, I'm going to shake this world like it's never been shaken before.
You're about to see things that you never thought you would see.
It will be with earthquakes, volcanoes, and signs in the heavens.
It's going to shake the ones that are pretending to be awake.
" He said, "Brandon, for my remnant doesn't even have an urgency, and I am going to bring a great urgency to my body.
The ones that are standing in the way will be removed.
I will bring up the ones that are hungry, thirsty, and desperate for me, and I will use you mightily in these last days.
For the ones that have a religious nose to the sky will either go by the graveside or they're going to be removed.
I don't know how, but he told me they will be removed and I will bring forth the new Davids—the ones that will just say yes.
God's just looking for a yielded yes.
I've said it, and I'll say it again: God's just looking for somebody who says yes.
We came across this prophecy.
Sister Billie was talking about this at the conference, and Diana, this is from Brother Kenneth E.
Hagin.
He gave this word back, I don't know how long ago, but it goes alongside what I'm trying to tell you.
He even saw what I've tried to tell you all.
Tapping into the spirit realm, tapping into the river, will be like taking a breath where it's been so hard to get into it before in the past.
It's going to be so easy.
We're just going to jump right into those rivers.
Holy Ghost flow.
Holy Ghost rivers are coming in a mighty rushing wind.
The sound of a mighty rushing wind.
This was exciting.
Diana reads so much better than me, and I said, "Baby, will you read this for me?
" Okay, so this is from Kenneth E.
Hagin, and it was from 1983.
Oh, 1983.
Yeah, 1983.
It's amazing.
I wanted to read this.
Hopefully, I can do it justice because it's amazing and very powerful.
In this move, you have not seen the revival of divine healing that you're about to see.
Praise God, y'all.
Oh, yes.
You saw those that I raised up.
You've seen men and women mightily used of my spirit.
I sent them forth as a pilot program to try to train you, but many just looked at them and lifted them up.
Some of them were lifted up in pride and the anointing left them.
Right?
See, deflect.
Deflect.
That's what the Holy Spirit told us when he visited us: "We're going to work mightily together, but you're always to deflect.
Don't let the pride in.
" Yes, that is it.
I didn't hear him say that before.
Yes, I'm sorry, I just—my goodness.
And some became money-minded and lost the anointing.
Money-minded.
Pride and money.
But there will arise a group in this day that's a brand new breed.
They'll not be greedy of filthy lucre.
They'll not be wanting to attract attention unto themselves.
They would care less whether God uses me; they'd rather God use you.
And God will not use just ministers; He'll use laymen.
And there'll be a revival of divine healing such as you have not seen in your lifetime or read about or heard about, saith the Lord, and a revival of the supernatural.
Not only the supernatural in casting out devils, not only the supernatural in healing the sick, not only the supernatural in speaking with other tongues, but the supernatural in the realm of the seen realm.
Men will see the glory of God.
A cloud will hang over certain congregations, even the church building, for days at a time.
And everybody that passes by, sinner and saint alike, will say, 'Well, what in the world is that?
I've never seen anything like that.
' And there will be in other places the fire of the spirit.
Oh yes, in the spirit realm, some of us have seen it; we've been conscious of the fire of God.
But the fire will actually come into manifestation.
And there'll be people, sinners as well as saints, that will see fire all over the heads of the people.
They'll be driving down the street or down the highway and they'll see fire on top of the buildings and they'll come and say, 'What does all of this mean?
' But you see, the Lord will use signs of His presence to bring people in the last days into the fullness of His spirit and into full salvation.
And signs, signs—what kinds of signs?
Miraculous things in the realm of the spirit.
And then they'll be manifested in the realm of the physical.
And the glory of God will fall.
And the power of God will be in manifestation.
And men and women too will even be transported like Philip was and found in another place.
And great, great, great shall be the reward thereof.
For the Lord God is the same God today as He was yesterday.
His power has not diminished, and His name is still the same.
Today He can make the iron axe head float.
Today He can divide the river just for two men to cross over to the other side.
Today He can feed 5,000 with a little boy's lunch.
He is the miracle-working God.
Brag on Him.
Lift Him up.
Draw attention unto Him.
Tell about how great He is.
Get up in faith and tell about what great things He's going to do.
And He'll move and keep His word with you.
And many shall be astonished.
But the greatest miracle of all is that there'll be so many fish caught in the net that the nets can't hold them.
The Lord said, 'Get a big net.
Brandon, it's time to get a bigger net.
You've got to catch them because they're coming in hot.
' And I saw them coming in really fast.
And I was like a catcher's mitt for a fastball coming in.
He said, 'Catch them because they're coming in fast.
' Brandon, what's about the shaking that's going to awaken?
They're coming in fast.
Are you ready?
Go.
There won't be church houses enough to hold the people.
Amen.
For the purpose of all is that you may be fishers of men.
Hallelujah.
Quit fishing in your bathtub.
There's not any fish in your own bathtub.
Go out where the fish are and throw out the net—not the hook, the net—and pull it in and bring them in.
And the glory of the Lord shall shine and the end shall come.
And you'll stand in the place, yes, many of you that stand here, including myself, will stand in the place of ministry that you've not stood in before, and will stand in the place that's been ordained for you from the foundation of the earth.
And if it were to be told to you, if we were able to tell you in human language that which will transpire in some of your lives and some of our lives who are here just now, your mind would not be able to comprehend it.
As you say, speaking in the human vernacular, it would almost blow your mind.
But you'll see it.
You'll rejoice in it.
You'll be glad of it.
It's just out there a little ways in front of you.
Be faithful.
That was in 1983.
So it's not a little ways anymore, folks.
No, we're there.
I mean, what is that, 41 years ago?
Yep.
Praise God, folks.
It's just out there a little ways in front of you.
Be faithful.
Be joyous.
And rejoice in the Lord always, and He'll bring it to pass.
Many shall go and tell the story and His great glory show.
The power of God in manifestation shall be the gifts of the spirit.
The manifestation of His spirit into full potential shall come the ministry gifts.
The apostle and the prophet, the evangelist and pastor and teacher too shall flow as one.
One body in the spirit.
Hallelujah.
Shall go forth to conquer and to do His deeds and great shall be the reward thereof.
Thank Him.
Glory to God.
Now, let me give you further wisdom and advice.
Being conscious of a mighty move in your spirit, wanting and desiring to do the will of God, but don't try to do it yourself.
Just learn to relax and to flow with the spirit.
Don't try to figure it out in your head.
What does He want me to do?
Just learn to relax and flow with the spirit.
It'll take care of itself.
You don't have to worry.
I know there's something He wants me to do.
Fine.
Just keep on praying and just flow with the spirit.
You'll not come into the full potential of what God has for you tomorrow, next week, or next month.
Some will not even come into the full potential of what God has for you next year.
But as you're faithful and as you're trained and as you learn to yield, you'll move eventually into that place that He has had for you all along.
Glory to God.
Moving into that place of ministry, whether it's in full-time ministry or pulpit ministry or personal ministry or whatever your place is in the body of Christ, moving into that place is fueled by prayer, fired by the spirit, and ignited with His glory.
I'll read that again: whatever your place is in the body of Christ, moving into that place is fueled by prayer, fired by the spirit, and ignited with His glory.
It's the glory.
Yes.
And it's fueled by prayer.
We need more prayer.
Even with this channel, it's about the prayer.
Because He says, 'If there's no fuel there, there's nothing to ignite.
' Fueled by prayer, fired by the spirit, ignited with His glory.
You'll have to stop and analyze that.
There's a difference between firing and igniting.
It's like the furnace.
You see, there's a pilot light there that fires the thing, and then the whole thing becomes ignited.
Then the heat flows out.
Can you see what He's saying?
Fueled by prayer, fired by the spirit, ignited with His glory.
Hallelujah.
If there's no fuel, there's nothing to fire.
Fueled by prayer.
It's the foundation of everything.
It's what brought Azusa Street.
It all came out of prayer.
They were in that little house on Azusa Street for I don't know how long, praying.
Then that earthquake happened in San Francisco and shook that whole thing.
They prophesied it, and after the prophecy came, the earthquake came.
Everybody remembered the prophecy, and Azusa Street exploded in that little barn, that little stable-looking thing.
It all came out of prayer, an awakening unto God.
This is part two of this prophetic word, ignited by prayer.
This is another prophecy right here, and I feel it's important that we keep going over these prophecies.
These are nuggets in archives that we need to bring back out because they were given forty years ago, and people forget about those words.
It's time for those words that were spoken forty years ago to manifest.
I believe the more we talk about it, it's bringing a charge in the atmosphere.
That's why I bring these prophecies back; it brings a charge.
You can feel it.
I feel that glory stirring up, and I want to run around my house.
I can hear Kenneth Hagin's voice saying it.
When I'm reading it, you can almost hear his voice.
I miss him so much.
Pop Hagin was awesome.
You are right on the verge of the greatest move and manifestation of the Spirit of God that this world has ever seen.
You're right on the edge of it, like standing on the creek bank about to jump in.
If you'll give more earnest heed to the things which you have heard—not only those things about faith and healing, but also those things which you have heard about the Holy Spirit, angels, and divine visitation.
For remember that it was prophesied by Joel of old: 'In the last days, says the Lord, I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh; and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams.
And upon my handmaidens will I pour out my Spirit, and they will prophesy.
' So, not only will young men prophesy, but young women will prophesy.
The anointing and the outflow of the Spirit of God shall be great and amazing in these days, for there shall be visitations of angels.
Be not afraid.
In these days, there shall come a mighty manifestation of the Spirit, and the work that God intended should be done in these last days shall be accomplished.
For the time is short and things must be speeded up.
You'll learn spiritual things much faster than those of yesteryear, and you'll develop much faster.
It'll be said of some that they virtually matured overnight.
Glory to God.
They shall go forth to speak in the name of the Lord because they understood the principle of faith.
They'll understand the principles of the kingdom and the laws of God.
They'll operate and minister in that area, and nothing will be hidden from them.
Though some standing here now have operated in a measure in those areas in times past, because they've let these things slip, they themselves in ministry and in life have slipped, but they shall be restored.
Yea, they shall even be restored this night.
The manifestation shall come, and the glory of God shall rest upon you.
His glory shall be seen round about, and the cloud of God will come and fill the house.
Yea, it will seem as though the whole building is filled with smoke.
The glory of God shall be a manifestation, and great shall be the noise thereof.
Praise and adoration shall go up from His people, and it shall be noised abroad.
Men from afar shall hear of it and shall come to behold it.
For the Lord shall be a manifestation in these days in all ways He has ever manifested Himself, both in the Old Covenant and in the New Covenant, plus the multiplying of the power of God.
As men grow more and more wicked, and as Satan—because he knows his time is short—and all of his cohorts and evil spirits go about as never before to devour, the power and glory of God shall be increased and multiplied.
It shall flow like a mighty river.
Millions will be swept into the flow of that river and shall flow forth to be in praise and glory.
For the glory of the Lord is in manifestation and will be seen on the faces of the saints.
The glory of the Lord God shall shine forth until men walk into a place of business and people will fall on their knees and cry out to God, though nothing be said.
Women will walk into a place of business, and people will fall on their knees and cry out to God, though she opens not her mouth.
For the manifestation of His power and glory is reserved for this hour.
If it could be told in a way that you could see it even with the eyes of your spirit, if it could be displayed at this moment before you in a tangible form that you could see with your physical eye, it would be very difficult for you to believe that which shall shortly come to pass.
But as you walk with the Lord and prepare your heart and feed upon His Word, as you listen to what the Spirit of God says, your heart shall be prepared and your mind will be changed until you flow into the supernatural as naturally as a bird flies through the air.
It won't take effort; it's just a bird flying through the air gracefully.
You'll flow in the supernatural as naturally as a fish swims in the water and as naturally as you breathe the very air.
You'll not be conscious of your faith.
It will just be like taking a breath.
The Lord told me, 'Walking in the supernatural will be like taking a breath.
It will be effortless.
' Brother Hagin said it too in 1983.
I was a baby, but when I heard that, I realized he is saying the same thing forty years later.
God doesn't change His mind.
He said it to the prophet back then, and He's saying it to the watchman now.
It's going to be like taking a breath.
It's not going to be so hard where we push; it will be like a light switch.
Walking in the supernatural, laying hands on the sick and seeing them recover, casting out devils—we're going to work with the angels for one last push.
You'll flow in the supernatural as naturally as you breathe the very air.
You'll not be conscious of your faith or what's going on around you, but rather you'll be conscious of the flow of the Spirit of God, and He will manifest Himself and accomplish that which He desires.
For you see, these are the last days, and this is the end time.
And what is done must be done quickly, and it will be done.
And the hearts of many will be caused to rejoice.
So rejoice, rejoice, be glad, and praise the Lord, and prepare your hearts, and let Him prepare you for that which He has prepared for you.
And so walk in it.
You shall walk in it, and you shall run, and you shall fly—literally, spiritually speaking—and you shall enjoy the fullness of what is provided for you.
Praise the Lord.
Glory to God.
That deserves a hallelujah.
Raise a hallelujah.
Oh Lord, You're so wonderful.
Exciting times to be alive.
I'm going to sing in the middle of a storm.
Oh God.
I just get it.
You know, I mean, I can say this and keep talking about it over and over again and just tell you, but the Lord said there's not enough urgency in my body.
And this was back 41 years ago.
How much more of an urgency should we have?
Jesus is standing at the door, ladies and gentlemen.
Jesus is standing at the door.
He told me, 'I saw Him.
His hand was on the doorknob and He was looking up like this.
' And I said, 'Lord, what are you doing?
' He said, 'I'm waiting on my Father's instructions to come and get you, son.
I'm waiting on my Father's instruction to open this door and come back and get you.
' The rapture of the church is at hand.
We will see a major harvest of souls because He said, 'I—' He held His hands out to me.
Remember, there are humongous holes in each of His hands.
They were out.
He said, 'I died for every single one of them.
Will you help me bring in the harvest, Brandon?
Will you help me bring in the harvest?
' For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And I am the Lord of the harvest, Brandon.
And I saw a vast field of wheat that was ripe and it was bending over because the weight of the fruit of the wheat was breaking the stalks.
It was bending over because it was ready to be harvested.
And the Lord showed me that harvest equipment up in the barn.
And there were glorious stacks of farm equipment, the glory.
And there was all kinds of harvest equipment in there to bring it in with the outpouring tools that we need for the great manifestations of the sons and daughters of the glory of God.
Oh, I just get so excited because I know what He's told me: that there will be a great glory explosion upon this planet like we've never seen before.
He said, 'Brandon, my church does not have enough urgency behind the pulpits right now.
Even the things you watch on YouTube,' He said, 'Brandon, the people that are pretending, there's not enough urgency even in them.
The people that you look up to, there's not enough urgency even in them.
' He said to me, 'I need the people to just—' Like He said, 'There's going to be such a shaking.
It's going to be like your teeth rattling, an awakening unto God.
' And He said, 'They're focused on the money.
They're focused on the financial gains of what they're going to get from me.
' And he said, 'Brandon, I told you I'd provide all those things.
I told you I'd take care of all those things.
But the financial outpouring is for the harvest to bring in the people with the net.
Yes, it's a blessing.
And yes, it helps you to get nice things if that's what you're believing for, but the basis of what He's wanting to do with it is to bring in the harvest.
' He wants so badly that not one should perish but all come to repentance.
Not one should perish but all come to repentance.
And just like a groom brings presents for the bride, He told me, 'In old Jewish tradition, son, the groom would always bring gifts before He comes for the bride in the marriage.
' He's bringing these gifts and I know it's exciting.
Seek ye first the kingdom.
Keep your eyes vertical, not horizontal.
Seek Him and you will find Him.
Knock and the door will be opened unto you.
It will all get left here anyway.
We're about to leave it all.
Seek Him, not His hand.
Yes.
But do you all realize all that you're believing for right now?
A lot of you for the financial outpouring.
You're only going to have it for just a couple of months, maybe a year.
I don't know how long He decides until the rapture of the church.
You're not going to have it that much longer.
You're going to leave it here and it's going to go through tribulation.
A lot of what you're believing for, right, it's just a transfer to get the souls to help fund the gospel to get everything that we need done so we're not hindered by having to have money to get the job done, to get out of here.
It's not, 'Well, it's time to party.
Let's go out and buy a yacht and have a nice Ferrari and your Rolls-Royce or whatever.
' It's about a transfer to go out of here like a rocket ship.
I'm telling you, the people in the tribulation are going to need it.
It's going to be hell on earth, folks.
I've been there.
I've seen it when I went with Jesus.
No food, no water.
And the last vision I had, was it two or three nights ago, I was sitting on the couch and the Lord showed me the black horse riding.
I was sitting there praying.
I was travailing and I saw the black horse and the green horse, the chlorophyll horse, riding together.
Almost like they were riding at the same time.
One took off a little earlier and the one followed a little behind.
But the Lord showed me the drought of weather manipulation.
I could do this all in another video.
That's how deep this was.
This video is already going really long.
So I saw the weather from manipulation of weather by man and they're going to lose control of it.
I saw great mighty shakings coming with the weather because they're playing with something they have no idea what they're playing with and they'll lose control over it.
I saw drought coming like you wouldn't believe with crops trying to population control.
It was very demonic what I saw them doing.
But the black horse will ride.
And I saw it running through Africa.
I saw it running through Europe.
I saw it running through the Middle East.
I saw it running and it was running fast.
And it had a black trail moving behind him.
As he was running, he left an imprint in the atmosphere and it was changing things.
And as he rode, there was drought and there was pestilence and there were things that were coming that people had no idea what was about to happen.
And that's why the Lord is showing me there's so many people that will go through so much in the days ahead with the plagues, with the pestilences, with these horses, with what's about to take place.
Wars and rumors of wars.
I'm telling you all I saw a plan with peace and safety and then sudden destruction.
I saw things happening even more in escalation with Putin and the things that I've not been able to talk about.
I'm not able to say some of the things the Lord has said to me because He said not to.
He said, 'Brandon, 9/11 happened and COVID happened and not a lot of people knew it was coming.
There were certain ones, but for the most part, not very many did.
' And He said, 'What's about to take place in this earth, I'm not going to say it because it's designed to shake and to awaken.
And you will not be allowed to say some of the things I'm showing you because it's designed to shake and awaken.
And if they know it's coming, it won't shake them.
There is a lot of people that are a mixture that watch my channel.
' He said 75%, and those pass those videos around and some of them do, some of them don't, but there's 25% that do, and those that are 25%, you have an urgency inside of you.
Most of the body of Christ doesn't want to hear it.
It's fear-mongering.
But you who are awake and watch this channel, you know, you sense something.
You can feel it.
There's something about to take place.
There's an urgency inside of you, and it wakes you up.
You know, and you say, "My goodness, what is this that I'm praying into?
" And God is trying to tell you because you're awake.
Not everybody feels that.
But there's a lot of people, the 25-percenters who feel there's something coming, while others want to ignore it and say, "Oh, it's just fear-mongering.
We can pray against it and stop it.
" You couldn't stop COVID, could you?
You couldn't stop 9/11, could you?
No.
Because certain things are designed to shake and to awaken.
It changes the course of everything.
Certain things happen for a reason.
And we're going to see some things happen for a reason.
And it's to shake and to awaken.
There's no urgency.
And he said, "I'm going to create an urgency by what is about to take place, by what he allows to take place.
" Not that he's causing death and destruction, but he lets his hand allow things to take place.
Does that make sense?
Because there's no urgency.
And this is what causes people to wake up.
It's a spanking.
"Get up.
You're asleep.
" "Well, I like my pillow.
" "Get up.
I told you to get up.
" And they go back to their apathy.
Is that a good word?
Apathy.
Yep.
But God says, "I'm going to do one more great shaking to awaken.
" And most of you, hopefully, who watch this channel are awake because it's going to happen suddenly and within a 24-hour period, everything's going to change.
Lose sight of self.
Lose sight of just the money.
Lose sight of gain.
Gain the Holy Ghost.
Gain him.
I'm seeking him today.
Nothing else matters.
I need a touch from the Holy Ghost.
I need a river flowing out of me.
I'm waking up every day with an expectation that God's going to do something supernatural through you.
Waking up every day that God's going to touch your life to touch others.
Like John G.
Lake, putting on that suit and looking at himself in the mirror—"I'm a carrier of the anointing.
I'm a carrier of God.
He flows through me and I represent him.
" So you put on the white suit and you represent the Lord.
Not that you have to wear a white suit, but I'm just saying dress to impress because you're a king's kid.
Does that make sense?
I am a carrier of the Lord.
We have this treasure in earthen vessel.
Yes, we have this treasure in earthen vessels.
We are his temple.
We are the temple.
Yep.
Yeah.
It's beautiful.
I want to take communion with you and with everybody else.
Let's take communion and let's believe God for your miracle today.
Let's believe God for the supernatural.
Yes.
You believe it?
I believe it.
I'm ready.
I know you do.
I believe it too, honey.
And let's believe it together.
We're trying to shake you all to tell you there's an urgency.
I know I keep saying that, but my goodness, you need to know it.
There's a great major thing about to take place in God's timing.
He won't tell me the exact time.
I've seen it.
And oh, what it will do to the world.
My goodness, folks.
Wake up.
You're running out of time.
Father, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Father, because we want to be awake.
We want to seek your face.
We want to find you.
As this household, we need a move of God.
And we will not be the same today as we are tomorrow.
We will go from glory to glory to glory.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that you said in your word that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we're healed.
And Father, I thank you, Lord.
From the top of our head to the soles of our feet—from all kinds of things, it doesn't matter whatever it may be, sickness of all kinds—you said you took it all.
And Galatians says that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, and we will not be underneath that curse anymore; and sickness is part of that curse.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, according to Deuteronomy 28, those curses, all that were listed, we're redeemed from them.
So, Father, we take this body right now, and we're redeemed from cancer.
We're redeemed from lack.
We're redeemed from diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure, high blood sugars, glaucoma, cataracts, toothaches, gum deterioration, and all kinds of things.
You healed us by your stripes.
So, Father, we take this in remembrance of what you did for us.
We take this, God, because you did it all.
And when you said, "It's finished," it was finished.
Everything you set out to do, you did it.
And we take part of it and we remember what you did for us in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Now, Lord, we thank you for the blood and we apply the blood and we make much of your blood, Lord, for your blood makes much of us.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over our households.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our minds.
We plead the blood of Jesus that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
We say a thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
We hold the blood of Jesus Christ over our families, over my wife, over my children, over me.
The blood of Jesus covers us.
And greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world.
We thank you for the blood, Lord.
We confess our sin and you're faithful and just to forgive us of our sin and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over us today in our household.
We take communion every day in this house.
We take this communion every day.
And we believe that the Lord Jesus Christ is one with us and we're one with him—that as he is, so are we in this world.
As he is, so are we in this world.
Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He said it and I believe it and that settles it.
I am fully persuaded that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He is the same God that he was then as he is now.
He has not changed.
He's still healing the sick.
He's still casting out devils through you and me.
We lay hands on the sick and he said they will recover.
We cast out devils and he said they have to flee.
Submit yourself therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee from you.
You say, "Well, how come the Lord hasn't taken any more of these devils?
They're bothering me," all this stuff.
He said, "You do it.
You do it.
" He's not going to do any more about the devil for you.
He's already done everything he's going to do.
He said, "You do it.
You submit yourself unto God.
" It takes you doing it.
You resist the devil.
He didn't say, "I'm going to resist the devil for you.
" He said, "You resist the devil and he will flee.
" But it takes you saying, "I submit myself to God today.
I submit, Father.
I need you.
Holy Spirit, help.
And I submit myself unto God.
And I resist him.
Satan, get yourself out of here in the name of Jesus.
You will not torment me.
You will not try to bother me.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my mind, over my body.
Thus far, Satan, and no further.
You will not torment my children.
You will not torment my house.
You will not mess with my finances.
You are under my feet.
Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
" And that's what you've got to do.
Submit yourself therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee.
Believe it.
You've got to believe it.
Be fully persuaded about that.
"Well, I'm having bad dreams at night.
I'm having night terrors.
I'm having all this stuff go on in my marriage.
" I plead the blood of Jesus.
What do you mean by that?
It's what's at the mercy seat.
It's what's at the throne room.
And Jesus is your attorney, and Satan is the accuser of the brethren.
And he's up there saying, "Look what she's done.
" Look what he's done.
But you are saying, "What do you plead?
Guilty or not guilty?
" I say I plead the blood.
I plead his blood.
His blood washes me white as snow.
His blood makes me whole.
His blood protects me from my head to my toe.
His blood is everything for me; it's at that mercy seat.
And Jesus says to you, "Satan, they plead the blood.
" So they plead innocent because the blood makes you innocent—spotless before the Father.
The blood makes you innocent, spotless because Jesus was sinless.
He had no sin.
There was no sin in him.
So his blood was pure and it washes you white as snow.
He is the redeemer.
He set you free.
He paid for all of it by what he did on Calvary's tree.
He did it all.
He paid the price for you and me.
He washed you in his blood and set you free.
But you plead the blood because it's at his mercy seat.
And he is your attorney.
Just like a good attorney goes before the judge, and God is the great judge of all things, Jesus is the attorney, and he's making intercession for you and me.
He's praying for you right now, and he says, "I plead the blood.
My blood, Father, washed all that they did away.
" And Satan's up there, the accuser of the brethren; the Bible says he's accusing you.
He wants you dead; he wants to kill, steal, and destroy.
But it's only by this blood that represents what he did on that cross that you're able to live free.
That's why I take this every day.
The only way that we're able to stand against the devil is by the blood of the Lamb and the word of my testimony.
And my testimony is he saved me, he delivered me, he turned my life around, and the only thing that stands so that I can go to the Lord's throne is the blood of Jesus Christ.
It's what's on that mercy seat in his courtroom.
And that's why I do this all the time with you all, because this is the only thing that gives you power.
Do you understand?
If it wasn't for this blood and that body, you'd be damned to hell for eternity.
None of us have enough good works; none of us can do anything good enough.
We all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
The Bible says every single one of us deserve hell.
But it's because of this blood you're able to be free.
This is just a representation of it; we do it by faith.
That's why Diana and I take this every day, because if it wasn't for the blood, where would we be?
It's the blood that washes us; it's the blood that cleanses us from all unrighteousness.
But it's the blood that's at the mercy seat.
It is an altar, and he presented his blood; he was a sacrifice, the Lamb slaughtered for the sins of the world.
He took it all for you and me.
By his stripes, you're healed.
By his blood, you're free.
He washed you white as snow.
That's why we make much of the blood.
We make much of his blood, and his blood makes much of you.
Do you understand?
Now, I tried to explain it a little bit because people go, "What does this mean?
Why do you do this?
" It's the blood that makes you white as snow.
Jesus is your attorney making intercession for you.
"Father, they messed up again.
" His blood is praying for you; his blood is crying out for you.
Guess what?
It's all washed away.
Whatever you've done today, the Bible says if you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
Every one of us deserve hell.
Not one of us can do it on our own.
It's by his blood.
So we take this blood and we make much of your blood today, Lord.
And we thank you, Lord, for what you did.
And Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law according to Deuteronomy 28.
We make much of this blood because it was so expensive; it cost him his life.
He did it just for you so that you don't have to be sick or have poverty.
He said, "I became poor that they might be rich.
" Poverty is a curse; it's spiritual leprosy.
I will not be poor another day in my life for what Jesus paid the price for.
He became poor that you might be rich.
Jesus, thank you for what you did for me.
That's what we do with this communion.
It should be so real to you when you take it like I'm talking about right now.
Don't just take a cracker and juice and go, "Well, I'm taking it because it's a religious thing to do.
" Why do we do it?
What's the meaning of it?
It's not a religious act; it's relationship.
Thank you, Father, for your blood, Lord.
You're precious to me.
Thank you for that mercy seat.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful; your face is all I seek.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Jesus, what a wonder you are.
You are so gentle, so pure, and so kind.
You shine like the bright morning star.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest name of all.
I love that song; I sing it to him all the time.
I believe in miracles; I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous, the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
I love that song; it's beautiful.
I sang that the other day and the glory filled our car.
We were taken back by it because, all of a sudden, this man started running around the road in front of us as I was singing, and he started just waving and doing all this stuff.
I said, "What is that guy doing?
" I don't know if he felt it or not, but he started doing a dance in the road.
He took his dog and he was running the dog around.
I thought that guy was way out there, folks.
We were all laughing and I said, "What was he doing?
" I said, "I believe in miracles.
I've seen the soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
" Glory to God.
I love it.
I believe in it and I expect it every day.
I want you to expect it every day.
We pray this video blessed you all today.
We thank you for joining us.
I know it's probably long, but we're thankful for the Holy Spirit coming with us today.
I felt his presence so strong.
But if you could, the part that helps us—the only part we'll ever ask you to do—is subscribe.
Click the subscribe button, click the notification button, and click the like button.
It helps us with the YouTube algorithm.
It's what spreads this gospel throughout the world.
YouTube will promote the video when people see it whenever you do that.
And we believe we have an urgency to get this gospel out.
So, we have all these new channels: China, South Korea, Japan, and the Philippines.
Not North Korea—but one day in the name of Jesus.
My son laughs at me because I say North Korea, because I'm believing God it's going to happen.
We're going to see North Korea.
I believe it.
We're going to see that Iron Curtain come down in the name of Jesus.
And we're going to reach those people.
It's time that His glory would be over North Korea.
I pray for him so much in my heart; it bothers me a lot.
We will reach these people, and Kim Jong-un's going to be dealt with, and there will be a day when those people who have been tormented and tortured for so long get to hear about our Jesus.
Yes, He is going to visit them even in their sleep.
Whatever it takes, we must pray for them and for the people who are not able to hear about Jesus.
It's our job to pray for our brothers and sisters.
Well, we appreciate you all being here today, and we're excited that you're here.
We're thankful for every single one of you, and we say: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you, and we will see you all soon.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.